Added git commit naming general recommendations (#25)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: git_commit.md

# Git commit messages

General recommmendation - let's write meaningful commit messages.

> Imagine that you read your code in two months. I bet you won't understand exactly what you did in your committee. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine that you read your code in two months. I bet you won't understand exactly what you did in your commit. 
```

> Or, imagine how "convenient" it would be to read code in which more than 100k commit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, imagine how "convenient" it would be to read code in which there is more than 100k commits. 
```
